Th-001 0:00
Okay, so this is recording after session one for participant SL29. So feel free to start whenever you're ready. Trying to go back to the moment when you entered the CRF.

Pa-001 0:27
Okay, so yesterday I entered the room. I had to go to the toilet a few times. I was a bit excited and anxious, I guess. Especially around the moment where I had to actually swallow the pills. And something about putting it in, into my body and then that it's, I can't take it back, and then it's done. And that it's not immediate. And it takes time and there's uncertainty around the time also was uncomfortable. And then I lay down and wasn't sure, I couldn't decide what I want to, what I want to do, what I prefer to do, if it's to lie down and to close my eyes or to interact with you. And then I lay down and I closed my eyes and I didn’t use the blindfold, the mindfold yet. And the music, even before, I mean... immediately when I close my eyes and just lie down and listen to the music, so I felt very calm and present. And then I felt I'm waiting. I'm like waiting for something to happen. And I was very self aware. So I was really, um… I felt my body and I felt that there's this energy and I need, I needed to move and touch different parts of my body. And then I needed to go to the toilet again. And had... I was a bit frightened that I'm going to, like, while I was going there, I'm going to start hallucinate or see crazy shit or stuff. So... and I couldn't stop smiling when I went out of the room, because I thought that people, like might see that I'm, like, when I'm high and then people know that you're high and you're embarrassed about it. So I was smiling. But I didn’t feel really so different. And then I came back here and lay down again. And I think at that point, I put the mindful on and went back to the music. And I think I started going deeper to the music. I'm not sure if I had, like... I'm not sure at what point I started to feel, like, see more, like, vivid images or movies, like movies in my head. I think, I'm not sure if it was before the EEG or, the first one, or after. I think some of it started before but I didn't feel I'm high or that I'm, like, when I open my eyes I felt fine. I did feel that like um, I felt I'm a bit weak maybe or just a bit tender but not that I can't do anything. And the room and you guys everything looked normal. And then after the, I think after the EEG when I went back... so I think at that point I had… I, like I was really waiting for something to happen also. Okay, where I felt okay now it's the time that it should, something should happen. Like, and it some, there was a few seconds, a few times, a second where I felt like that I am a bit like I need to throw up, but it wasn't really strong. And also that I felt like I'm, like… moving like, my body's... like I couldn't feel the bed so much. But it was just this for a second. And then I was, I think I... yeah, I was excited about it and then it went away or something [laughs]. And then I… when I was laying down and listened to the music with the mindful, um… So I think at that point, I was just going through like different images and movies and stuff, very colourful in my mind, and I couldn't hold to anything. So, should I go into like images or just the experience?

Th-002 06:46
No, you can go into images. 

Pa-001 06:48
So I think focusing about the, um... the intention at the EEG. And also the metaphor of the castle. So I think both of these, those, um... I thought about it at the beginning, I guess. And then there was... whenever I thought about the intention, it started with an image of light going, like, circling myself, and then getting tighter and tighter. And then going inside, and like focusing around the heart and the chest. And then there was a snake. I saw a snake, like a number of time, like it was something that I saw a few times. Some of it felt like it's inside me or that it's me, or it's coming out of me. But it wasn't scary. It wasn't like a scary snake, it was just the... more like the image of the fact that it's very, um... it doesn't have any bones like it, it moves freely. And it has like a lot, it’s very flexible and like almost fluid. And so I felt that in my body and then out of my body, I guess, and coming out of my head and going back from my ears and... but it felt like I'm the snake, like, in a way that it's not… I didn't feel like it’s… it wasn't unpleasant that it went inside and outside because it was me in a way. And that was, I can't tell if it was a very short thing or a long thought. And then I don't remember the sequence of thoughts, but I do have images that I remember. And some of them are funny, and some of them are just weird, I guess for me. When I, even during, like, seeing it I was like “What? What’s that? What am I supposed to understand from that?”. Because it's, um... like I saw, first there was an image of, do you know the game like <PERSON>? Where like, he runs and he collects stuff and he jumps on stuff. So it was like that [laughs]. And whenever I… so a few times it came that I'm like running and jumping and sometimes falling into places and collecting different stuff. And it was... at the time it wasn't funny, it was just there. I mean I… I'm not sure it even made me smile. But now when I think about it I think that it's funny, but when I experienced it I didn’t feel that it's funny, it was just something… and you wanted to say something?

Th-002 10:21
So did you feel like it was sort of just like happening to you, like it was sort of coming to you rather than you were making it happen?

Pa-001 10:26
Yes, and I was like neutral about it. And then there was an image that I'm, like, at a ballet class, like dancing or something, or practicing something. And then I… so I could feel my body like doing, like, slow movement. But then I lift my head and in the mirror, I saw that I actually, I'm a, like an old, older man, overweight man. And like bald and with tattoos. And like... I have like, not someone specific but the typecast of this kind of man that is like… like the one that drives a Harley. But I was wearing a pink tutu, he was wearing a pink tutu, like a ballet, like, lesson, like kids, like, girls ballet lesson. And I felt, I was just surprised by it. And I was like “What? Why? Why is that?”. Like I knew that it's not me, I knew that it's like, part of the, this, like, what I'm seeing, like, it was like watching a movie. So I knew that it's not actually me, but I was like, just couldn't understand why that’s how I see it. And, um... and then there was... after that, there was a few different, um... like people, um... men, women, different ages. A few girls like me, as also, like, I knew that one of them is me, like I, like I remember myself as a child. And I think I thought that, like, each one of them, like I saw each one of them short, briefly, like shortly. And it had like… I knew something about them. Or they represented something or I… 

Th-002 0:12:57
Like each individual person represented something or?

Pa-001 0:12:59
Yes. It wasn’t people that I know, it was just um… and then they were standing in a circle and they were moving and dancing and making different sounds. And then at some point they all started dancing the same. Like something...  like, like, moving their legs, like in a like, in a tribe in <LOCATION>, like [imitates dancing sounds]. So they were doing the same rhythm. And then I remember that I thought, so are these all, like, me? Like is that, like is this me, and also this one, and the girl, and also the old man, and also this woman, and this overweight woman, and this old one, and there was different figures or different, um... So I remember asking if that's actually just me or, um… and if they can dance together, so if that's something that, um... because I was surprised that they started dancing in one rhythm, all of them. And then there was a guitar, something started with a guitar. Like the music. And I don't remember if it was just right after that but at some point, a guitar, a song started with a guitar and my husband plays the guitar. So I saw him. I think it was his body, but it was somebody playing guitar. But then I lift my head and I saw that he has two heads. One of them is his, like my husband, and other is this guy that I had like an exercise with, in a workshop, like a sexual exercise, like, and so there were like, two heads to one body and two of them. And also I felt... I thought, I knew that it's weird that I'm thinking, that I’m seeing something like that. But I wasn't, like, frightened or even not overwhelmed, I was just curious or just… huh, what's that? Why am I seeing that? And there was… once every while I felt that I'm like something from the regular reality, like, a person or something that, um… I thought that it's out of the theater, out of the movie. And then I went back. And I remember thinking that, like, I went back also to the castle once in a while. And I had the image where I'm going down the stairs, and I keep going down and down, and it's dark, and I'm going down, and I'm not getting anywhere. And then I thought that I'm walking through the boring rooms. And that maybe this is me, if... maybe meeting me fully is just meeting the boring rooms, because that's what's there. And I was also fine with that, in a way, I was, like, when I suggested it to myself, it was more like, like a judgement saying that this... okay, this, that's what it is. I mean, this is what you have, this is who you are and just, it's, you're not going to have like a super crazy experience because you don't have it in you. It's only doll rooms. And then I... my reaction to that notion was that “okay, so that's that, it is what it is”. I maybe felt a bit sad about it or just... but there was, I accept, like acceptance of it. And then I remember just seeing different rooms with not much in them. And then there was something about me as a child, also, that I saw an image of me, I think it was me, um... from my back. And then I, like, me, I guess it was me, I don't know, I close the door, and I went, I ran out of the room. And I couldn't… and I remember reminding myself, because I felt that I'm still... like, I’m watching a movie. But I'm still, um, if I want to I can still go back to myself, to like, the fact that there is me and I'm watching a movie. So there is some separation between the thoughts and everything that's going on here to myself. And I remember thinking that “okay, let's try and meet somebody”.  Let's, I mean, like, let's try to follow this child or talk to the snake or follow something. And I just couldn't, I felt like everything is super fast and that it's not, um, that I can’t control it, and that um… And I had some, like, sexual...  my body was awake at some point and I could feel like tingling and I had some, like, more sexual thoughts, like fantasies, I guess. But not with like, I couldn't see faces of the people. And there was, yeah, something around that. And there was this light also, like once every while I think when I… when I thought about or when something around the original intention or after the EEG, the second one also, when I went back. So I think something about the light, the spiral light around me, and then getting smaller and smaller was like... was there a few times. And then I think the second EEG, the one that... yeah, I think it was the second... the second or the last one during the session. So I think I felt more... like when you told me to sit, so I felt that I'm a bit, like, more soft and just need stuff to be very quiet and slow. But yeah, but I didn't feel like, I didn't experience the reality in a different way, not you guys and not the room and not even the test. The helmet on my head and everything, I was a bit... before you put it I was afraid that it's gonna, like, be unpleasant or… but it was, it was fine. I mean, I didn't feel more sensitive to it. AndI think I was still self aware. Also during the, like, when you asked me to focus on my intention without the music and then with the music. And even I remember filling out the questionnaire, how was it without the music and with the music. And I was trying to figure out why it is that I'm feeling this. I mean, I... I was still aware of the fact that this experience is happening and trying to figure it out while it's happening. And then I went back, lying down. And I think at this point it was also less… the speed and um… it was less, just getting slower, I guess. And then I think at some point I fell asleep or thought that I'm, um, that I fell asleep. And I was tired and a bit, um... I think I had disappointment. But I didn't experience it as disappointment. Like, as if, it was as if I'm experiencing it's like the fact, like that’s the reality. It's disappointing. It's like I'm this, not attached to the feeling of being disappointed or something. 

Th-002 24:10
Why do you think that is?

Pa-001 24:13
I don't know. Because this morning when I woke up, I think that I was disappointed or maybe even pissed off or angry. Like, like, that's not what I want. I want something else. And I was more attached to the feelings, like I was, I felt them like I was irritated by it more. And yesterday I think I experienced it as a… like as a reality, and that's the reality, and there was more… maybe less… it was less in myself, like I didn’t react to it so much. But I still acknowledged that there is disappointment, but it’s not mine. Like there is disappointment, like here, or somewhere… yeah. Something like that I think. And yeah, then it faded away slowly and I was surprised when the second EEG, when you told me that we need to do it I was surprised because I felt like it’s like 10 minutes, or 5 minutes, and the first one I didn’t feel like anything, like the time thing wasn’t, um… like, accurate, so much, for me.

Th-002 26:05
I think it was like 40 minutes or something like that. 

Pa-001 26:10
And yeah, and then it just faded away. And I felt more sleepy and just, um... more like after a long time. Like going, like going to, um, hiking or doing something like for many hours. And then being really tired, but not, um, yeah, but in a pleasant way. Just it’s, you’re, um… yeah that's how I felt at the end, towards the end. And then also, the rest of the... even after I left here, I felt that I'm like exhausted or tired or. But I didn't necessarily wanted to go to sleep, I just wanted... I just, that’s how I felt.

Th-002 27:23
And then after you left, when you got home, did you speak to your husband straight away?

Pa-001 27:29
So I got home and… no, I got home and the kids were, like, I got home just to the baby. And then my husband went to bring the other two kids. And we ate and talked a little bit, they asked me how I am, and I told them a little bit. And then only around eight two of them went to bed and we went outside. And like, when I got home, I told him that I'm fine, I had a good experience, that I, um, it wasn't that strong. And then we sat outside and we talked and I told him, like, most of the images that I told you now, I think, maybe I forgot one or two yesterday. And yeah, and it was just, um, it felt good to share and I think he could relate to most of it. In the sense that he had experiences, not psychedelic, but like trips from, um, a lot of like breathwork or, um… but he was surprised by, like, the amount of different stuff that are not, like, not necessarily connected. And yeah, and then we talked about him also a bit, about his day, and… we took a shower and then I went in bed and I read a book a little bit. And I think I fell asleep quickly. Yeah. 

Th-002 29:49
And then you woke up this morning, and you felt, you said you felt the disappointment more strongly. Like the disappointment was, belonged to you or you felt a bit pissed off?

Pa-001 29:57
Yes, yes. I think it wasn't immediately I woke up. I think it was around the time I got into the car. And because I realised that I woke up and I didn't even think about it, like, it wasn't really present at the first hour when I woke up with the kids and the breakfast and all that, and getting everybody dressed and ready and leave the house. And so I, it didn't cross my mind, like the fact that I, yesterday, I did a psychedelic journey. And then I got in the car and I said, like, how is it possible that it didn't even cross my mind so far? So... and I was just, um, and I was annoyed by it. And that it's, like, it wasn't significant enough to... So I, that I'll think about it when I wake up in the morning. 

Th-002 30:57
So you were disappointed that it wasn’t significant enough that it would sort of be more salient enough. That it would have like affected you, you hope it would affect you more, sort of thing?

Pa-001 31:05
Yes, yes. Yes.
Th-001 31:07
Do you feel like with other workshops that would have happened? Like if it was a strong experience it just comes to you automatically? 

Pa-001 31:14
Yes, yes. But it's not, I mean, it's, um, that it's either in my mind comes to me or that it's present in the way that I, you know, handle myself, like if I wake up with a sense of tenderness or vulnerability, or sadness, or anger, or joy, or, here it was, it felt like a regular morning that has some some of everything, but not something that I can connect to the experience the day before.

Th-001 31:50
That makes sense. But I think even though, like, that moment of disappointments, um, disappointment existed, and your drug intensity ratings yesterday speak of a more gentle experience, but hearing what you've experienced now still sounds like quite an amazing visual journey.

Pa-001 32:09
Yes, I know [laughs]. I know.

Th-001 32:10
It’s really like powerful images that you’re kind of…

Pa-001 32:12
Yes, I know. My husband also told me that. But I think something about the fact that I received it in a very peaceful manner, like that it was just like watching a movie and, um, like, like, there was some distance between me and these images. Because it, it connects to the fact that what, I think, what I need a want or look for, with my journey is, like, to meet myself fully, to meet, you know, the... to get out of my comfort zone in a way, to be out, because… to… to be, so I have to move. I have to, you know, I have to cry, I have to move, I have to laugh, I have to… that something, or something makes me react in a natural, um, that I can't resist by doing, but reacting in, in some way. Because if I suspect myself that I'm not authentic, then I, in order to know that it's authentic, it needs to be like, um... almost, without will, without wanting to do something, that I have to do. Like when you have to cry, when you have to… so something rather than the fact that it was, I was very calm and present and peaceful. It's too similar to myself in all, like, in everything else in my life. So something about, like, so, yeah, the images and the thoughts or the the movie that I watched, it, it has like also a few, I think, um, important, even significant messages or ideas or images or thoughts or… that are… that I, that I took in and I plan to take in. Like the fact that with the different people inside me and, like, the fat overweight man. There's a few things that I... That, the more I think about it, the more I feel they have, like, more meaning and that I can take it in. And so yeah, so there is a lot, um… it was a trip, like there was a lot of stuff. 

Th-001 35:26
Can you describe the sense of distance perhaps a little bit more, that you felt to the, to the images? Like, what made you feel... Where was this distance? What made you feel this distance?

Pa-001 35:40
Distance is the word that I'm using now, I'm not sure it's accurate. I think, um... it's more like, I put, once I put the blind, the mindful, it's like I pushed play. And stuff started coming. And it wasn't, maybe the fact that it wasn't in my control. What's coming, like, it's like you watch a television and it's one channel and it changes and you can't move the channel. But then it, in my experience, it wasn't... So first, I had no control about what's coming up. And second, I just, I was curious to see what's on the television, you know, what's, what's next? Or what is that that I'm seeing now? So it's more, it was more a sense of being curious. And not to react, like, too much to it. Because it’s not, like, it’s not me that’s in the movie.

Th-002 37:03
Why do you feel like… how’s that, I thought it was really interesting that you were talking about how you feel like in order to know your authentic self, you need to be, you feel like you need to be sort of moved to cry, or moved to do something, compelled in a way, like that’s gonna reveal your authentic self. Do you, I understand what you mean, but why do you feel like that is more sort of… why do you feel like that is more revealing than your day-to-day self?

Pa-001 37:39
I think there's something around and negative feelings. Like fear, anger, even crying. That's... I avoid, I try to avoid, I know, I mean I think I, I know that I try to avoid and I know that I don't know, also, when I do it. But I also know that it, um, it must be part of me. Like, for sure there is this part. I'm just not really letting it, um, I just... it's hard for me to meet these places. I do meet it sometimes. But, um, so I think that's something around that.

Th-002 38:32
Okay, so you felt like those are the places that you wanted to meet and you want to move to meet them, is that what you mean? You feel like, sort of, that’s… when you feel anger, or when you’re able to get in touch with things that you don’t usually deal with, like that’s your sort of touching into some authentic part of yourself?

Pa-001 38:51
Yes. It doesn’t, I mean it’s easier for me to feel it that it’s real because I know that my unauthentic self, or my, um, you know, my acting self would avoid it. 

Th-002 39:08
Yeah, okay, that makes sense. So did you… at least from what you’ve described so far, the only negative feelings it sounds like you had so far were the feelings of disappointment and sort of being pissed off like this morning. Is that correct or did you feel anything else that was sort of negative?

Pa-001 39:37
No, no, I think that’s it.

Th-002 39:41
Is that something that you would, that’s still a part of you, it’s not something that you would usually suppress? The disappointment and the anger that you felt?

Pa-001 39:50
Yeah, because it's, it's not really, it's not like I was, I woke up and it's not like I was angry. Or… like I was, you know, at rage or nobody would never know that I... it was like, you know, it felt some... I was annoyed. I felt I was, like, even pissed off is probably too strong. You know, it's very... and it's with myself, I mean, I can, I know how to get pissed off and angry and frustrated with myself. Like, in a way that's easier, but at the world not so much.

Th-002 40:31
Okay. Why were you… why were you upset with yourself? Do you feel like you sort of, you did something to suppress…

Pa-001 40:37
No, so I’m saying that with myself I know, it’s easier for me to get angry or frustrated with myself. And here it was, I was... annoyed, not with my, I was annoyed not with, a bit with myself and also with the fact that that's what I got, like, like that I was like... unlucky to get that, I wanted something else. And, and… and with myself I had this, um, I suspected myself of doing something wrong. You know, like, I should have done something different. Maybe letting go more, maybe it's something about the way that I... that I handled it. You know, I didn't allow myself to completely let go or to do something that would change the experience.

Th-002 41:41
It sounds to me like you did, from everything you described and the way you were yesterday, I mean you really did, like you put the, you put mindfold on, you like listened to the music. You were, you were in pretty much the entire time. And I think it... like I don't, it doesn't sound to me like you were trying to come out of it or escape from something or... like you did, you did put in the work. I think it is, this trial is a process that you have. What happened yesterday and what will happen next time. They’re different experiences. And I think that so far, at least your outlook on it, the way you are tackling it seems to be like quite, quite healthy and quite good. So I think that, yeah.

Th-001 42:22
Yeah, I agree. I think like, as long as you're open to whatever comes and, like, from the way that you describe how you interacted or how you received the visionary material that you experienced. It sounds to me like it was quite like, yeah. Um… Yeah, open and kind of non-judgmental in a way towards your experience. Yeah, so yeah, in that sense.

Th-002 42:48
Yeah I’ve been like, I’ve sort of, I just made some notes of what you said so I could remember, so I could sort of reflect it back to you and sort of ask you a few things. Is that okay with you? We can just sort of go through it again. So you said in terms of your body, you said you felt sort of nauseous and kind of like you were floating for a little bit? Was that sort of bad at all? Or was it sort of very mild?

Pa-001 43:11
Very mild. Yeah.

Th-002 43:13
Okay. Okay. And you said you had movies playing in your head, and they were very colourful. And you thought about your intention, and your intention was light that was circling around you and it centered around your heart? And you had that many times throughout?

Pa-001 43:30
Yes.

Th-002 43:31
How did that feel, did that feel good? Or… did you have any sort of feeling attached or was it more an experience?

Pa-001 43:42
I think I was able to create it very easily. Like whenever I thought about the... this intention, immediately I would just draw it, like with my hand or just with my mind around myself, it was very easy to do it. And it felt good, I think. It had like a, it had a positive sense to it. Also something about taking care of myself, like doing it myself felt good. That it's not somebody else that is, you know, doing it for me. So I felt I remember feeling good about that. And… yeah.

Th-002 44:38
I have the snake. You had a snake and it was sort of you but also out of you, coming in and out of you. But it wasn’t like a bad image, it was more to do with the way that it moved, right? So you felt like your body was sort of in sync with like how a snake would move. And it was more like a physical experience rather than like an emotional experience? 

Pa-001 45:01
Yes, I do. I am not sure, I'm… I still, I need to try and understand that one. I don't know. I mean, I also tried to think what snakes, I mean, I don't like snakes. And I'm scared of it. But this wasn't scary. And I didn't know what, what it was actually.

Th-002 45:30
Sometimes like your, the way that you're, like you feel in your body, like your mind can produce images to sort of match with that. So like the way that, if it was just related to sort of the movement of the snake, it doesn't have to mean anything. Like the snake can have any meaning, you know, it’s... but it might have just been conjured up because of the way that you physically felt.

Pa-001 45:48
Okay.

Th-002 45:50
Unless, but it’s, of course, you’re the one who can tell what, almost what it means to you, you know. We can’t like, project, it would be, like, wrong of us to project something onto you. But that’s what it sounds like from what you said.

Pa-001 46:05
Yeah. So it was, yeah. It wasn’t, um, it didn’t… I didn’t react to it with feelings. It wasn’t scary, or… it was just there. 

Th-002 46:22
Okay. And then you told me about the Super Mario video game that you experienced. And it was quite neutral. And sort of you were, you were <PERSON>, like sort of jumping around collecting things.

Pa-001 46:34
Yes.

Th-002 46:37
Do you, do you ever play Super Mario? Is it something from your childhood, or?

Pa-001 46:40
No, it’s something from my childhood, yeah.

Th-002 <PERSON>Okay, it’s more of a childhood, sort of… and it didn’t make you feel anything, it was mostly just an experience?

Pa-001 46:47
No, I think I felt a bit amused by it. But not like laughing, I just thought that it’s a bit amusing that it came up. 

Th-001 47:02
But you were the Super Mario? 

Pa-001 47:04
Yeah. 

Th-001 47:05
You were jumping around? Would you still feel like, say that there was like a distance nevertheless? Because that sounds like you were very involved. 

Pa-001 47:14
It’s not like I, I was there as you know, as, it’s not like they put me inside the video game. And now if I imagine something, if I, if I would imagine now being inside, being a Super Mario, then if I would look around, then I would see you know, the, the bricks and stuff and really like being in this outer reality. But it was more like I'm watching a screen. And in the screen, there is the Super Mario, which is me. But in a, in a, like they put my head or, like drew me as, as a figure of Super Mario. And then I can watch myself. But not in a, like it was, not like really watch it on a screen. But it's like, yeah, watching it some, somehow. So and even when I did came closer in a sense that I could jump and go somewhere down, um, it wasn't like it's all surrounding me and I'm falling. It’s like, now we're going down, let's see what's, what's down there.

Th-001 48:33
So you saw yourself as looking on a Gameboy or something? Like looking on the screen?

Pa-001 48:37
Yes.

Th-002 48:38
Looking at yourself on the screen, right?

Pa-001 48:40
Or standing next to it, or, like… yeah, something more like that.

Th-002 48:49
And then you mentioned the ballet class where you were, like dancing, but then you looked in the mirror. And you were an old overweight man with lots of tattoos. 

Pa-001 48:58
Yes. 

Th-002 48:59
And, like, it sounds like that had more meaning to you than the other things, right?

Pa-001 49:03
Yes, also because it was really weird. And I knew when I saw that I was like “huh, what’s that? That’s, okay, that’s not mine, that’s the… that’s the, the drugs”. But yeah, it's like I don't dance, I dance now but when I was a child, I, like I don't have a good rhythm I guess. And I went a few times to ballet lessons. And I, it's like, a thing that my mom always wanted me to go and I never wanted to go. And I was always the, like, the one when there was a show, I was in the last row on the corner so nobody see me. Because I, like, the, the girls that, like, that dance nicely they’re in the front row. That's how I experienced it anyway. So... only when I got older, I think during high school I didn't want to dance. And only when I, like my late 20s, I um, I started enjoying dancing, like without caring about what people think about it. And so, yes, something about this guy. And me. I think it was maybe me as a child, insecure dancing, but then it's not, like, this man.

Th-002 50:38
Yeah, that's really interesting. Because, well two things that come to my mind, just hearing you say that. One is like when you said in your prep the day before yesterday, you said that something that always comes up to you is sort of the, the line like [name] is a pretty girl and never cries. And the idea, I suppose, hearing you say that your mom wanted you to be in ballet class, but you felt like inadequate, or felt like you weren't good at it. You wanted to be, like, far away from it. So that idea of, like, I guess seeing yourself as like an old, overweight man. So like it represents, like, that inadequacy, or like feeling like you had to be this, like, pretty girl that didn’t cry but actually, you were like an old overweight man. 

Pa-001 51:18
Yes, yes, something around that.

Th-002 51:21
And yeah, and what you said about like “oh this is, like, not me, it’s the drug”. I think it’s interesting because people, well people talk about psychedelics, like in general they always say like “oh it gives you, like, these sort of hallucinations or you see these weird things”. But they act within your brain right? So the things that you see often are related to, like, that’s what… and the thing is when you dream, sometimes you dream something very weird and you’re like “why did I dream that”. But it’s still like your mind conjuring that up. And the drug can only work within your own mind, you know.

Pa-001 51:55
Yeah, I mean, that’s the second like, there was a few moments where I realised that I, like there is an effect. Like it’s working. Okay something’s going on, it’s not just me lying down listening to music, there is something going on. I also had like, um, when I took the pills and then I lay down, so I had like, the music, something with the music. I think I wasn’t, it was before any effect but something about the music. Like that I really could feel the pills going through my body. Like, I’m not sure, maybe I created it. But I could feel it, like, going in and spreading. And, but, with that guy, or with the more crazy stuff… it was just, um, understanding that, okay, so yeah, I took something and that’s what brought it up. I mean it’s mine, but that’s what…

Th-002 53:11
I see, I see, I understand what you mean now. Okay. Then you said that you saw yourself as the child but with other people, like strangers around. And the strangers were all dancing and shouting and things, separately from each other. And then they started going in sync with each other, like they were a tribe. And it was as if, like all these people were you. So you were the child and you were all these different types of people. What did that, like, what did that feel like and what do you think that, what does that mean to you in a way?
Pa-001 53:46
Yeah, so I was very surprised when they started dancing together. And I think I was in the middle of the circle at some point. Me as myself. And I think also during the, while I was there, thinking if that’s actually, like all these people are actually just parts of me, or they’re in me, or something around that. And I also remember telling myself to remember it. So I think it’s something around that.

Th-002 54:38
It seems like… because you know when you said your intention about like, meeting different parts, meeting like all the parts of yourself. And sort of seeing them all manifest in like different types of people. But then also when you were exploring the castle, you were seeing, like, all these dull rooms. You were just really dull actually. Then I mean, it seems, like, quite contrasting, like both of these experiences. Like you’ve been meeting yourself in all these different ways but also, I suppose, one of them could be the dull rooms. Does that make sense?

Pa-001 55:06
Yes. Yes.

Th-002 55:13
Then we have… what did it feel like seeing yourself with a child? Was that, like… 

Pa-001 55:22
Yeah, I think it, it wasn’t… it wasn’t… there wasn’t much there actually. I thought that, like, when it came up that “okay, lets, let's do this, let’s talk”. But it wasn’t, it was just a, like a very short, it felt like something very short. And then she went away, or I went away. 

Th-002 55:50
Okay. And the guitar music…

Pa-001 55:54
Yes, that was crazy. 

Th-002 55:57
Playing the guitar and yeah, two heads, one of them was your husband and the other one was the man that you did a sexual workshop with, exercise. Right?

Pa-001 56:02
Yes. 

Th-002 56:04
How… so you said that that made you curious but not scared. Do you have sort of, how do you feel about the whole sequence?

Pa-001 56:13
I don’t know. I really don’t know, I mean, I… I can explain it now, like, two, yeah that it’s two people that, like, of course it’s my husband and this guy that I had this connection with and I, I can see why two heads. But yeah, I can’t really explain the fact that it was just… it didn’t have any context, you know. They were just there for a second and then something else happened.

Th-002 56:51
Okay. So you don’t feel like there was sort of any meaning in it, just…

Pa-001 56:56
Yeah. I can find meaning now. And it was interesting to see a visual, um, a very visual, I guess, of something else, you know, there is some reality or some conflict or some experience that I had. And just to see this, I would never imagine to, to, you know, to… I would never think about it without, I guess, the drugs, that’s what I’m saying. But once it was there then it made sense.

Th-002 57:49
When you said, so yeah you talked about going through the boring rooms and feeling like maybe meeting you fully is, like, a dull thing. And that you’re okay with that. That you’re, you felt a bit sad but you accept it as just a part of you.

Pa-001 58:05
Yes.

Th-002 58:12
I mean, I think that… there was a moment you said that you saw your, yourself as a child turned around but then you escaped the room. Was that like intentional or you felt like you were just sort of…

Pa-001 58:23
No, the girl escaped the room, yeah.

Th-002 58:25
The girl escaped the room? Oh I thought it was you who escaped the room. Okay. So you couldn’t talk to her or anything?

Pa-001 58:31
Yeah. 

Th-002 58:32
You just feel like…

Pa-001 58:34
She left the room, I don’t know if she escaped it. She ran like kids, like they run, like… 

Th-002 58:40
Okay. So how do you feel about everything now that you have sort of gone through it in your head and told us about it? What are your feelings?

Pa-001 58:52
Yeah, so when I tell it, it sounds like more, it sounds like a, I can see that there is some stuff in it. And, and I feel good, like I feel good also now. I still, um, yeah I still, I wish or I have this curiosity to have a deeper experience, I guess. Or I don’t know if deeper, or stronger, or I don’t know. But I’m happy, I mean it was a good, a good experience. I think it was nice to have a first, you know, to dip my leg in the water of psychedelics. And yeah, it’s, it feels nice and warm, I guess. [laughs].

Th-002 1:00:00
I’m glad.

Th-001 1:00:01
And like [Th-002] mentioned before, your next experience might be different to this one. As she said, we always give psilocybin, the doses vary. 

Pa-001 1:00:12
Yes.

Th-002 1:00:14
Yeah, it will be different. I think it’s, yeah, you do experience a lot of interesting things. I completely understand your desire to experience more or to feel sort of more taken by it. 

Th-001 1:00:33
I think we can end the recording or is there anything else that you wanted to ask? So this is the end of the recording.
