Th-001 0:00:03
This is participant number 29. Screening number 31. Post dosing date two integration. ___ [0:21]. Get back into the zone. 

Pa-001 0:00:33
Okay, can I lower this a little bit? 

Th-001 0:00:35
Yeah, this is the button.  ___ [0:00:40]

Th-001 0:01:00
So start from when you, you came over here on Monday, you had the prep session, we did the scan, ___ [0:01:08] then you went home. How was that night for you? And how were you feeling about everything?

Th-001 0:01:17
Okay, so... I wasn't so nervous, I was kind of, I think I was cool about it. I felt I’m ready. I watched from some stupid television. And I went to bed. And I fell asleep quite easily. And woke up a few times at night, but then went back to sleep. Well, I was like, I was feeling excited, but not anxious or nervous too much. And I had a nice morning, actually, and I was, um, spent some time with the kids, I, um, the night before I also did some pilates. And then I went to the supermarket and I bought some treats for myself, and for my family and the kids. So in the morning, I prepared myself some fruits. And then I also made some for the kids and made them like nice croissants with cheese and ham and stuff. And there was like good energy. And then I took a shower, and I got dressed, I was like, I knew what I was going to wear. And my bag was ready. And I were in time, so I wasn't too like, no pressure. And then my husband did this ceremony with <LOCATION>. And give me, gave me his blessing. And the kids that like we had and so I left the house, the Uber was there waiting. And then I took my son to the nursery. And then the Uber driver, I told him that I need to, for like, have like, stop at the nursery, drop my son and then keep going and he took a wrong turn. And it made us like 10, like this detour. And I was like I, at that point I started to be nervous and I told him that I'm late and that it's a very, it's like, everything is really like, traffic is really bad and that it's like really wrong turn and it's gonna like now take us longer. And then I told him that I'm... it's just that I'm late somewhere and I'm nervous and it's okay. And then we got to the nursery and just before we... before I left, before I went out to take my, put my son in the nursery I asked him if I should now put the new address and he said that he needs to go to another, like he accepted a different job. And then I told him, I told him that I need to get to a different place. And I asked him when to put the address and, and then he told me “I'm sorry, I need to go to another job”. And I told him “that's very, that's not kind of you, I told you that I need to be somewhere and I'm late already”. And he knew that. So... “that's really enough kind of you”, I guess that's what I said. And I felt like insulted, like, like, it was personal, he did it on purpose. And that… Yeah, so I, I took my son and also my son, when I put him he is usually, like, happy to go to the nursery and then... but it was earlier than like usual, I dropped him at... I don't know, eight or something like that. But then he cried. He didn't want to stay and then I, I tried to soothe him and I left when he was crying, but I knew that it’is gonna be okay, I think. And then I ordered a new Uber and waited a few minutes until he got there. And it was a new driver. I felt that he’s nice. And I told him that I'm “good morning”, blablabla. And then I listened to… no what was I doing, I think I was texting like different people, mainly to arrange where the kids are going and everyone to have everyone’s phone, because I’m not gonna be available. So I had some messages to send around that. And I filled out the questionnaire. Then I listened a little bit to an audiobook that I’m listening to. And then I got here. And… I think I was feeling a bit, like, that I was late again, and not so comfortable with that. And… I saw [name] and you, you guys, and then… we chatted a little bit and I think I… I was being, like I started feeling more relaxed but also landed in the fact that it’s actually gonna happen. And then we had some stuff to do, I don’t remember exactly what it was. We did the EEG I think, or the computer before… I don’t remember [laughs], I don’t know, I’m not sure. But I took the pills. And… I remember, like, feeling less, the first time I took the pills, I, I was… like the actual taking it, I was, like, I felt that my pulse is rising and that I was sweaty and nervous. And this time I was less nervous. And I took the pills and I was kind of looking forward to it. Also just looking forward to lie down and just rest and listen to music. So I think I was, um, pretty calm. And before I took the pills I texted my husband and the last like, I think the nursery or somebody else, just to make sure that everything is tied and no kid would be left with no place. And then I texted [name], my husband, and he texted me back and I put the phone away and I felt that it’s okay, and I forgot about that. And then I took the pills and I lay down and… the music, I put the music on, and… I don’t remember so much how it was to lie down with the music and just feeling myself. Because I don’t really remember that part. I remember… I don’t even remember the part, the second where I realised that something’s wrong, like that um… the first thing that I can remember is that, um, you touched me and I, um, we needed to do the EEG. And at that point I was like, like when I opened my eyes, I, the room felt different. And every time I focussed my eyes on something it was like either with layers, or, um… or there was like four dimensions, or I don’t know how many dimensions was there, but it was… everything was deep and moving a little bit. And I think you asked me what’s the intensity. And I think I said six. And then I sat down and, and at this, at that point, I still didn't realise what's going on. And then I sat down, and I realised that something's going on that I'm really not myself, or that I'm, like, similar to when I, let's say, like, smoke marijuana, or that I'm high, that something is, that I'm not, it's not clear. But I couldn't really, really understand what it is. And then you put this thing on my head. And every time I closed my eyes, it was like, [makes whooshing sound], like crazy images. It was very, like, white, with different shapes coming out of my head. And like, every time I touched my head, I could feel like the, like images of like screws, but not metal screws, like, somebody's like drawing something and it's just, and there's light moving. And.. and then I, it felt like also when I close my eyes, it's like, like you disappear. And that it's not pleasant or unpleasant. It's just what, what, like the reality, that's what is going on. And then when I opened my eyes, then I saw you and I knew that it's okay, I guess. But I felt like it's a secret that I'm like, you don't know how high I am right now. And that you, like, you, everything is okay with you and you're doing your job and like you were talking and I remember I was taking my water to drink and trying to look normal. And then I... I was, I, when I took a glimpse of your faces I saw that it's like moving so I tried not to look so much. And I was drawn to, to close my eyes but also afraid of it. And then the EEG it felt like it's, like, really long. And also I, a few times, opened my eyes and I forgot am I supposed to sit? Or lie down? If, if I'm doing something wrong? Are you waiting for me to do something? Because I wasn't sure, like, if you're waiting for me to do something, or if I'm doing it already. And every time I closed my eyes I went [makes whooshing sound], like it was really... I think that without the music, it was still like, stuff was still going on, like images. But I wasn't, I didn't feel comfortable. I felt like, um, like some, just not at ease or like somebody's like, doing something annoying to me, and I'm annoyed or uncomfortable. And I wanted to stop. And then with the music. I just wanted to lie down and to just, ugh, like, rest. And then you asked me... then it was over and I felt relief. And then you asked me, like, how was it? Like how much I was able to focus on my intention, and the intention when you read it, it felt, like, so far away from, like, what I'm experiencing. And it felt irrelevant. And then I, um, I remembered that I, when you asked me to point it in ___ [0:17:23] and I remember thinking that, okay, you're just so high. And it's okay, they know you're high. That's why [Th-001] is, she's not asking you to draw it because she knows that you're not able to do it. You just need to point it. And I remember thinking that you were really... like, honoring when I like pointed at some place you were drawing exactly that, that place. And that I was... when you asked me something I was trying to, like really, like, understand what it is. And I managed to, like, understand your question and answer it. B I couldn't, and I was... I found it interesting that I couldn't focus on my intention at all. Unlike the other times that I did it, and I wanted to think about it, but then I think, I, I lost it. And then I lie down again, lay down again. And I remember... so from the moment I took the pills, I remember thinking if it's the right time to go to the toilet or not, because I felt like I need to pee a little bit. But I said nah I’ll go soon. And then, and then it was there, basically. And then when I lie down, lay down back, like, again. And I felt that I need to pee but also, I just wanted to lie down and close my eyes. But then at this point, I think I was getting really really confused about what's going on. And I felt like I, I can't understand what's going on. Who am I? Why am I here? Like who brought me here? Who are you guys? What am I supposed to do? Is there something that I'm supposed, I felt like there's something I'm supposed to do and I can't understand what it is. And then I asked you to tell, to explain to me why am I here. And you said that I'm here because I mean, this study and I took the pills and now and then, I, I heard it, but I, I couldn't hold on to it, I couldn't really, like focus on it for a second to really explain it to myself. And then I asked again, and every, and I felt like when you talk, it kind of... I can hold on to your voice. But then once you stop talking, I lose it again. And then… I think I was... I understood that I'm just really high and then it made me laugh. And you laughed, and I found that it's really relaxing. And I asked you to, lets laugh about it. Because it's, it's funny, right? I'm high, I’m just high, it's funny. But still, even when I laughed about it, I couldn't get like something… Like a thought that is stable, that is there, that, “okay, now I'm high.” It’s here, it’s like… it’s like a stone, it's something that I can hold on to. And now I can, okay, I can go and be high because I know that this is here and that fact is like allowing me to... I couldn't. I, every time I, I understood it for a second. And then I lost it and I went into this movie where I'm, like, losing my mind, and I can't understand who am I and why I'm here. Why? What's going on? And I try to remember, [name] and the kids. And I couldn't, I couldn't understand where are they? And why? Where am I? And like, there’s this… like a game or something that I'm missing. Like, that there's something that I'm supposed to do and I'm not doing it. And then I felt anxious and nervous and really scared. And I started, also, I tried to call myself and I heard these voices of different audiobooks, <PERSON>, lectures, workshops, stuff from different like gurus, you know, spiritual or inspirational figures, I guess. And telling me like, telling me different sentences, or describing experiences, or describing, um, feelings. I can't even, I'm trying to find a sentence that I heard. But I can't. Like, there was like, something in the area of like, like what is, when you, um… No, I don't remember exact, like, sentences. But it was like sentences that I heard before. Or words. And it all like sounded irrelevant, and I couldn't get any relief out of it. And then it made me really sad and frightened, I guess, but also made me laugh. And it sounded like it's so irrelevant and so like, in a funny way, that… Yeah, and then I think I laughed and cried also. And I talked to you guys a bit more. And I think you told me if I want to go back in, and I couldn't understand “in”. Where? Like, I'm already in, I want to go out, I don't want to go in. And then you, I couldn't understand where I'm supposed to go. And I felt like physically that I need to throw up. And also that I need to go to the toilets. And also that, um... like, I tried to get up and go, but I was just very weak. And also, every time I tried to move I just wanted, like, I felt like I need to lie down again. And I, one side, like I can't even tell what was the physical and what was my mind, but there were different powers. Like I think maybe my body wanted to go to the toilets. But… I, like my brain or whatever I is, um… didn’t, wanted to stay and just to be left alone. And to rest, or to, to, like, find peace or just to be... and also a very strong sense at that time when I was talking to you and I was going in between of, like, interacting with you and going into what's going on in my mind. I also felt like, I was controlled by the music like, that, there is this something like that controls me and every time I tried to figure out what it is, like, I went into my brain and I saw like different images or movements or scenes, um... but I didn't see any faces, and I was trying to understand… trying to find something and the thing that kept on repeating is that there is nothing to find, there's just the music, and the music controls me, and that's, and I just need to just to be with the music. And that it really controls me. And then I went between like enjoying it and I think I had a few times where I realised that the music controls me but I can change, like I had a few times where I was experiencing something and it wasn't pleasant and I, I chose to listen to the music differently and then the entire images changed to something more pleasant. Like it was some, like, from something geometrical into nature or flowers or... and then I... so I went between enjoying the fact that the music controls me to being really scared of it, that the music controls me and I'm like, I've disappeared, I have no way, I mean I'm losing my, I lost my mind. And I can't hold on to anything, I'm lost. And the music controls me. And you, you talk to me and I feel like I understand you but you're weak, like the music is this, is stronger. And I don't remember when it was during that time but I, when I tried to get up and I wanted to go to the toilet and… I think [Th-001] was, went to the toilet. And then I sat down. I tried to get up. And I remember feeling that, um, like, I want to go and I can go with either of you, it's fine. I felt like, it's fine. Yeah, I can, yeah, I can go to the toilet and it will be fine. But then the next thing I remember is both of you are sitting next, like I'm sitting and crying, and feeling really miserable, like, sad and confused and lost and ashamed. And… like, also like I’m failing something and I’m embarrassed, like a lot of very… like, difficult feelings. And… And… I think at that point, I also, I feel that there's like, I was relatively in my body, like, I felt that like, I'm crying, and I need tissue. And I saw, I felt like, here. And I think I was afraid to go back. And to close my eyes. And I felt that it's already, like, so strong and that if I close my eyes and put the music on, I'm going to be lost forever. And I felt like that's also why, like, I didn't feel safe, I felt that I'm like, I don't know why I'm here and why and like, I didn't feel safe. I felt that I need to hold on to something. And I think I did go back. I think at that point, I, I'm not sure if we went to the toilet at that point or not. But I think I lay down, I lay down again and… and then the music…  once I put the headphones on. Then it just… it’s like pushing play on something and I couldn’t help it. And I think maybe that at that point, I didn't like the music. It was really like, like, fast or strong and it was like too much. And then I... you changed it and I think it was softer. And then I felt I'm becoming this little round of... like a fetus. And it was nice. But then every time I mean it, I don't know how long it was but I was there and then... it changed into something else. And I felt like I... like disappeared, like dissolved into something. And I knew that I'm not, like I, I felt that my body is really, like my jaw was really tense, like I close my mouth really tensely. And I felt that a little bit once every while but I didn't care. I mean it didn't bother me because I felt like, that I'm like completely, like, separated from that, like it's not relevant and I was just... this power or this energy and I was going through different places and I… all the time felt that like there’s nothing, there’s nothing there. There’s nothing. There’s just the music and there is no me… and there's like a few times, in different ways I felt that I'm disappearing. Like one time it was like... when like sand, if you blew up the wind blows sand, like there is a rock but it's made out of sand and then it completely disappears. So I felt that. And one time there was something around, just little pixels that are just getting smaller and smaller and smaller and just completely disappeared. And after I disappeared, I mean it's not... there wasn't any, like, I was very at ease with it. It wasn't like, it didn't bring up like difficult emotions. It was just... like just the fact. Just that's the simple natural true, like truth. There’s not… I think one time there was also something with water, that... like I was a puddle and... and then... and at some point I felt like I'm too lost, like I'm lost in this... dimension, this world and I need to go back. And then I think... I think at some point you asked me to do the… another EEG and I was really scared of it.  And, and I felt also that… there is, again, that I'm failing, I'm disappointing. But I also had these… I don’t know if they were voices or just energies telling me that “Fuck it. You can’t. It’s not, you can’t. You’re not going to do it”. But it wasn't with anger, it was just… “no”. Just something. Just, um... like water washing something. That’s the reality, it’s not, it's not happening now. And that's fine, like, continue with the flow of what's going, like it's not gonna happen. And I remember feeling both, like feeling that, the fact that it's, no, it's not happening and it's fine and nothing's wrong, just keep on going with the stream of water. But also feeling that um… that I'm this, that there is this, like disappointment or that again I’m missing something, or... there's something I'm supposed to do and I'm not doing it. And I don’t remember when it was that you asked me the intensity and I said 10. At that point, I don't remember how it was, like what happened here. But I remember just feeling... one part of me felt panic, and really scared. Other, I also felt really tired and just wanted to... to just go and become this little dot that nobody will bother and just to disappear. And… I remember I, I don't know if it was before or after I went to the toilet, but it was a feeling that I… I wanted to invite. Like, move on, and the kids, or... to invite somebody because I felt really, really alone. And I didn't see anybody in this world that I, um, that I was in, there was no other humans. And… when I tried, everytime I tried to… like something that is myself, tried to create, or to affect what’s going on I felt more like I need to throw up. And… when I did see, like I didn't really, I couldn't really bring them in. And I saw them only like paper... Yeah, something around paper, layers of paper... And they were like hanging somewhere far away. But I still, I still felt really really alone. And I felt that, um, that I've lost my mind, I’m alone in this dimension. And I turned into this... I don't know even what it is, like this force that just goes from place to place and is controlled by the music. And that… Yeah. Just really… alone. There is no other, no other, um… people, or like, the whole concept of people, um… wasn’t there. And then I went to the toilet. I remember I was surprised by how much, like as long as I have the blindfold on, I'm like, I experienced the world, just everything was just so different than what it is, like how I know it should be in reality. And I remember leaving the room and that was a bit funny. Like, I knew that it looked funny, that I'm like, holding on to you and, like, going to the toilet. And then I opened my eyes, and they’re these hospital toilets. Then I sat down and I tried to gather myself and… and I looked at the toilet and there is blood and like… it was... I remember I was telling myself not to get, not to get panicked about it. And then I washed my hands and I was afraid to look at the mirror. And I just took a glimpse and I saw myself... like very old, and like, not, very blurry, not, um… And I… I remember touching my face and feeling it a little bit. And I wasn't sure if, um, if it feels the same, or it feels different. And then I washed my hands and I wiped it with the paper and it's, it gets stuck on my hands. And I felt like it's, like, going inside and I tried to take it off. And then I... but I, when I was awake, like when I was there, I knew that I'm just really high or something. But I didn't feel, at that point I wasn't so confused anymore. I knew that I’m just on this trip. And then we walked back in and I didn't feel like I need the blindfold, I felt like it's a bit better. And I think then when I lay down... I didn't even lay down, I remember I, like, I felt okay walking and then going back into the room. And once I just sat and closed my eyes… it’s like [makes whooshing noise] started again. And I remember feeling, knowing that I'm sitting and I'm not comfortable. But I, I just didn't want, or I couldn't move. I felt like my, my... like I have to stay there. And I remember sometimes feeling that I’m supposed to look for something but that there’s nothing. There’s nothing to find. And… At some point I lay down again and I think I, um… something about the music changed and I felt like, um, this wounded animal. And… I felt really alone. And I think I felt also sometimes that you're breathing around me. And I found that it's, um… that it reminds me that… like of some sort of human connection to what I’m experiencing. And I felt there is, like, that it's not me that is even experiencing all of that, and that I need to take care of me or something, that I need to go back to myself to feel because I, it wasn't really….there wasn't a lot of feelings, it was just like, this other reality that I'm just experiencing, but it's not…. And even when I felt like a wounded animal, I, I… I think I suffered, but my body didn't... It was all in my head. Like I, um, I wasn't even aware of what's going on in my body. Like if I was making sounds, but it was all in my head. And it was all part of the music, it wasn't even my sound. And [breathes out]. And then, there was a few times where I felt the music [breathes out]. I think at this stage I was… I understood that that's what's going on, I knew I am here and I knew that I can, like, ride it or some, some something like that. And... and when I closed my eyes and  just listened to the music then it took me places. And there was a few times where the music was like really like building up to something, like there's going to be an explosion. And I felt like I'm about to explode. Mainly my, my stomach. And also my, like, genitals I felt like aroused. And I felt like there's this energy, crazy energy here. And that it's building and building and building and building and that I'm going to explode. Similar to like orgasm, but like mental one, like I felt like I'm about to explode into something and discover something or, um... yeah, something like exploding and turning into something else. And I felt like I want to get there and I want to, like it's, it's building up and building up and building up and it stays so much, so, such a high level that I'm, like I'm going to die from it. But it’s not going to happen. That I’m on the verge of something and it's not happening. And then the music changed into something else and I felt that element again, of like building something and building something. And like at that point I felt like something around my, um… I'm trying to remember the word. Like the female organ that babies are…

Th-001 0:54:46
Uterus?

Pa-001 0:54:48
Uterus, or... like where the babies grow in? 

Th-001 0:54:53
 Yeah, yeah, uterus.

Pa-001 0:54:55
Okay, so something around that. And also the... you know, the vagina like being this force or this energy. And then I felt that something with my grandma, my grandma… that I remembered, like being, I felt like I'm… it's not me. I didn't see myself but I felt the experience of me when I was like, faking orgasms or doing something that is not true to my female... orgasm, like, organs... And then I felt that my mom and my grandma and like, all the generations of women that were in me. And I just, um, felt that there’s this tunnel… like this really bright tunnel and… she’s there, and… it’s something in, like, from the past, or, like… colours, like black and white. And something cold and sad. I remember thinking that it’s something from the Holocaust, that, like… and I like, but it’s just arround females in my family or in other generations. And I remember I wanted to talk to her but it wasn’t even like an option, I didn’t really see her, I just felt this through different… she wasn’t a human. And then… I think it was like fading. And I felt like I’m starting to land. And I, like… felt this, like, deep grief and sadness. And… like I’m not, like, I’m letting go of, of this place, or… And that there is just, um… [breathes out]. Yeah, it’s… I think at some point I started to, it started to get weaker. And I felt that I, that I don’t wanna leave, I wanna stay. And that, that I don’t, it’s fine if I lost my mind, then it’s fine. But I want to stay there, I don’t want to go back. And I felt that I was really... when I started to come back, that I, I was so... like that my body wasn't even there. Like it didn't... it wasn't, it wasn't part of the experience. And that I forgot about it. And I didn't, like, take care of it. And that it was, I felt sad for it, for my body, for not being there. Or that I really need to cry, but I don't. I don't. I don't need to cry. I want to cry. But I don't want, I don't need to cry. But I feel like my body needs to cry. And I felt this really strong separation between the experience that I had in my mind and the experience that my body had. And I think that also made me really sad. And then I, I… I think I sat down again and went to the toilet again. And I put on the music again. And it was a different experience. It was more like… the first time, where I'm like, just, I'm here, I know that I'm here. And I'm just listening to music and my mind now is just creating different thoughts. But I knew now that it's my thoughts. And… I… felt… that it’s not true now, everything that I’m thinking, because before it was, like, it wasn’t me, it was something bigger, and now it’s just me, um, trying to make sense, or trying to... receive something or figure out or receive knowledge. And it was more pleasant in a way because, I… at that point, I was also able to see people. Like, I saw like a lot of people that I know and they were all playing for me and... and singing and there was also like, um, the music was really like more cheerful I felt, and like trying to cheer me up. And I felt like I really really want to cry. And I felt really vulnerable and like, child. And I remember feeling that I'm, like, I need to have someone older than me here to hold me. Like that, I, you, I trust you guys but you’re, you can’t do that for me, that I need to have like, like this elder, this, like, wise woman, like... to hold me and just... because otherwise I can't allow myself to… let this, whatever grief and sadness to like, really release. [breathes out] and then [sniffs]. And then I just kind of, it faded away and I kind of, um… chose to go back to this reality and… I felt that it’s not finished, that I’m not done there, but I need to get myself together and… do whatever we need to do here, and… and that I’ll need, that I don’t know what I’m supposed to, what happened and what I’m supposed to… and that something big was there, but I can’t really understand that. And just to… put it aside for now and go back to the reality of… my life [breathes out]. And then we did the, all the, the other EEG and still I felt that, like I was able to focus on my intention but it felt really... like just words that I, like, when I heard, like, to meet myself fully it sounded like so stupid because I was just in this place where there is not even me. Like what is it that is me? Like it doesn't even matter. And also, I felt that maybe I just met myself as a crazy person, like really someone that lost his mind and that that's the, the part of me that I wasn't... really... I don't think I was aware that I have the ability to feel crazy, like really to feel like I, I… like I'm, yeah, like a crazy person like someone that doesn't, that won't be able to operate in life in a normal way. So I felt some, something that is funny and sad, and just irrelevant also, and, um… [breathes out]. Yeah, and since then, and yeah. I felt that I'm, like I’m back, I’m normal again. And I remember when I was, during the, the… whatever. At some point I felt like I’m like a wound, like there is nothing, just, but pain, that I’m just a ball of pain. Like an open wound, I guess. And that I won’t be able to bring it out of this world, the fact that that’s what I am, or something around that. And since, and then after I… [breathes out]. I just, I feel or felt that it’s just so separated from this, or… Yeah, some sense of… so many different sensations and feelings, but feelings in a different way. That are not feelings like I know them. It’s just facts or reality that I’m experiencing. And I, I feel like yesterday and today, I, my pace is slower, a little bit. And when I interact with people then I see them also a bit slower. Like I feel they're... not what they're saying but what they are or something like that. And I listened to some music last night and I was just amazed by the discovery of music. And then I thought about it on the way home, that, what is it even, music, and that the fact that it just so... like big and magical and divine and like that there's… it brings, that was the access to something but it also… yeah it was also controlling me and also bringing me to this amazing universe or something. [breathes out] And now I’m here. 

Th-001 1:16:56
Thank you for sharing with us.

Pa-001 1:16:59
Thank you for listening. 

Th-002 1:17:02
Yeah, it’s quite humbling how deep you allowed yourself to go. And, like the scariness of the places that you visited also, some of them. Or like even non places, I guess. It's not only that you went into the dungeons of the castle, but the castle kind of disassembled at some point, it seemed. That takes…. Yeah, that's a difficult, difficult place to go through, I think.

Th-001 1:17:39
It’s interesting. Yeah, because your intention was about meeting yourself but then yourself dissolved. Yeah, it’s...

Pa-001 1:17:51
And the only time I felt myself I felt fucking crazy, like a crazy person.

Th-001 1:18:00
I think sometimes what you can learn the most from these things, like these things are crazy, like going through all these crazy experiences. You feel like ___ [1:18:14]. And like, what is the, what is the purpose of these things that you experienced? But I think what I learned most from them is like, how do I react to being that thing? Like that is my reaction to everything that I’m being exposed to. Sort of like, everything you’re going through, you know, being crazy or losing yourself or feeling like you can’t see other people, feeling like this really <PERSON> because there’s no one there. I guess, meeting yourself fully could just mean, even though you weren’t yourself in that moment. How did you react to that? How do you feel about being so alone? What does that mean to you?

Pa-001 1:19:10
Yeah. Yeah I remember feeling that it’s, like accepting that that’s how it is. That I’m alone. And I'm even alone from my, like even my buddies are not with me, I’m alone, I'm this something. And it's alone but it's, also there's, it's not something even, it's just… nothing really. And… yeah, and just feeling of, a bunch of feelings like around it, not sad or happy but all… 

Th-001 1:20:25
How do you feel about being alone usually when you’re, like, just in life?

Pa-001 1:20:38
So I like being alone, but um, I don’t like feeling lonely, like, um…

Th-002 1:20:50
Did you feel lonely during the experience yesterday?

Pa-001 1:20:54
Um, no. It felt, but just really profoundly, alone. Like so alone, alone, alone, alone, but... but not lonely. Like I, that's what I think also when I told you I felt your breathing, like your breath or sounds of, like I don't know if it was you or just sounds of people breathing. And… like it was part of the music or… and I felt it around me so that's why I thought it was you. Yeah.

Th-001 1:21:55
Do you feel like it was some sort of like, like, like existential like aloneness? Like a deeper form of aloneness, rather than just like, because you didn't happen to be, because you couldn't bring people to your experience? Or do you think it was very specific to the fact that you couldn't bring your family?

Pa-001 1:22:13
No, it was definitely more profound than that. It was just the fact that... even there's nothing to, I mean, it's, it's alone because there's nothing. Like it's just… like the only way I can explain it is like there's also not, no me. So there's no others, and there's just nothing, it's just energies and movements. And I think also the breath was somehow also in there. 

Th-001 1:23:09
Did you want to get out of it? Did you want to not feel that way? Or were you, were you okay feeling that way?

Pa-001 1:23:14
No, I felt really at ease with it, like I felt that… my feelings towards it were changing, I guess. According also to the movement or the music. But I didn’t want to leave, I wanted to stay there at that point. 

Th-001 1:23:57
You mentioned something about feeling a disconnection from your body, like you felt like you hadn't taken care of it. And you said that it made you feel sad that you'd like sort of abandoned it. 

Pa-001 1:24:09
Yeah, I think it was towards the end when I was already a bit more... aware and I felt like... it wasn't, my body didn’t experience it. That it was just a different part of me, I don't know, like… and that my physical body was really tense. And I had a stomach ache. And I just, like I, it wasn't part of… and when I went to the toilet the last time, or I think it was, I felt like I really want to dance and move. And be... like I, like I need to shake my body and, and, like, move it because like to also give my body the right, like to also attend to it and also bring it into the experience. And I think I didn’t feel comfortable, completely to, like, I felt like I would, if I could, I would just go to be in a wood alone and dance. And touch trees or something and just… but really dance animal. And that it would help me to integrate my body into this experience.

Th-001 1:26:12
Why did you feel like your body needed to be a part of it? Why did you feel like you wanted it to be a part of it, where did that come from?

Pa-001 1:26:27
I don’t know, I felt like it’s really separated from everything I experienced. And that, that I want to allow it to also experience it, to also be, taste this, um, level of freedom. Or that also it would, um, allow me better, me, me as me now, to keep some of that, like better. 

Th-002 1:27:15
Yeah, that makes sense. Did you feel at some point, like during the, um, like when you felt you, when you said you felt like your stomach and your genitals arousal during the trip that was like building up and building up. So it seems like at some points your body did participate, to an extent. But perhaps not as expressive as you would have during a dance in the woods. 

Pa-001 1:27:42
Yes.

Th-002 1:27:45
If you want to you can take the eyeshades off at any point, by the way.

Pa-001 1:27:49
Okay.

Th-002 1:27:51
But take your time. 

Th-001 1:27:55
So you felt like you were like going to explode in that moment but you never actually exploded right? So the music stopped and then it changed?

Pa-001 1:28:03
Yes. But then it happened a few times. And I felt like, it’s coming, there’s this peak coming, and then it stayed so high for so long but it didn’t really...

Th-001 1:28:18
It didn’t explode? 

Pa-001 1:28:19
Yes. 

Th-001 1:28:20
I imagine that it was also related to your grandmother. But also, like, something about experiencing, like faking orgasms? 

Pa-001 1:28:29
Yes.

Th-001 1:28:30
This experience of like… tell me more?

Pa-001 1:28:33
I think at that point, I was a bit more, it was, I was a bit more, maybe less out of it. Like I felt like I'm more me, a little bit. And I felt that every time I faked orgasms, when like, um, that I betrayed, or that I was ashamed and that I wasn't taking care of myself and taking care of my mom and my grandma. And like there's this line of... but it wasn't them in like their, I guess people, it was something and I think that the music, the fact that it was like building up to this explosion and I guess it reminded me of an orgasm. And the fact that it was almost almost almost, and that I wanted it to happen so much that I, like, remembered how it is that when I did it in real life that I was almost almost there and then I just fake it because I was too afraid or to let go or I was too young. I don't know why. 

Th-001 1:30:07
It’s interesting like, that your connection to like, sort of other women in your lineage or like women as a whole… like, is it related to sort of the idea that, like, women do this, a betrayal?

Pa-001 1:30:19
Yeah, I think it’s like a betrayal and also like suffering, or… like hard… yeah, like hard… dark, suffering of these generations or… like I felt like a flow of different female generations and that, that I have the power to heal or to betray. Or something like that.

Th-001 1:31:12
You said that the suffering was linked to the Holocaust, right? 

Pa-001 1:31:16
I thought it might be because the colours and the images were similar to pictures or movies. Like with the, like these shapes of long like hungers, or something that looks like a tunnel but it's all black and white and very gray and cold.

Th-002 1:31:48
So this image of the tunnel that, I mean, you said something about like a tunnel and the brightness in the end or something, felt more like something related to like Holocaust in that moment? Because it sounded to be almost like oh it's like the light at the end of the tunnel and you're kind of getting in touch with like ___ [1:32:07].

Pa-001 1:32:08
Yeah, but the whole time it was really bright. And there was, or there was light coming from it, but more like moving, like um, like a river of light.

Th-001 1:32:31
Did you feel like you were connected to them in the sense of suffering, like connected to their suffering? 

Pa-001 1:32:36
Yes.

Th-001 1:32:38
The suffering of a woman in the past I suppose. Because you said there was only one woman right?

Pa-001 1:32:43
Suffering and not… yeah suffering in the sense that they’re… I’m not sure. But yeah suffering or pain. And lack of reason. 

Th-001 1:33:09
Yeah. That’s a super powerful experience. 

Th-002 1:33:20
You also mentioned at one point that you felt like you would need, like, a woman elder to hold you, to kind of actually release that pain and kind of express the pain. I wonder, do you have someone like that in your life who you could share this with?

Pa-001 1:33:40
No [laughs].

Th-001 1:33:43
I was thinking, you have your alternative therapist right? Are they like a sort of elder woman or not?

Pa-001 1:33:47
One of them is, yes. Yeah, maybe she can be that figure. But I, in my like, I didn’t see a face, it was more like this bulb of energy. But it felt like ancient, like old. And very motherly. 

Th-001 1:34:18
Like an archetype or like a concept or something that was just ___ [1:34:21].

Pa-001 1:34:21
Yes. And yeah, bigger and older than me.

Th-001 1:34:34
You felt, you said you felt like you needed, you felt like you needed that to be, like, real? Or do you feel like this presence, this like sort of concept that you had in your head was helping you?

Pa-001 1:34:45
I felt like I was, I wanted that. I felt like I need that or that I want that. I remember towards the end thinking like when I was already like, that… a few times I thought first that I, like, how funny it is that I talk about it so, for so long and I imagined it so long and it's like, nothing like I could ever imagine. And it made me laugh, like the last one also like that, I felt like I had some sort of a psychedelic journey, but it's, it made me laugh, like, that it was nothing. And that... that it's the first time that I'm really experiencing losing my mind completely.

Th-001 1:36:05
You said it, you said that, well how did you feel about that, you said it was like sort of this... Like you experienced yourself as you wouldn't be, losing your mind. But that it was sort of like an irrelevant experience. Like it didn't actually like… do you feel like, um... it seems to like, sort of like variant odds with who you are usually, like, sort of very efficient and very good at like, very on it. And like this complete opposite, like, not knowing what's going on, not knowing what you have to do, like not knowing who you are, like this complete, like… anti-[name] kind of experience.

Pa-001 1:36:42
Yeah.

Th-002 1:36:45
In a way, I guess, because also, you're, even though you were able to take like the space for the experience itself, like in the days before, and in the days after your, like responsibilities that you take towards your family and all these things like organisational things that you take. So… it's probably quite disruptive, just having the experience here now, where all of a sudden, all these responsibilities are not like present anymore. And like, you don't have to organise all these things. And then all of a sudden, there's this kind of vacuum.  

Pa-001 1:37:14
Yeah.

Th-002 1:37:15
What, what am I supposed to do? Like, this feeling of “hey”, or like, “what do you want me to do?”. 

Th-001 1:37:23
Also because with the intention you had this feeling like you had that you had to go and do something. But actually, all you had to do was just be, and experience, you know. But it's, you have the feeling of like, I’m supposed to be doing something. But yeah, you definitely didn't fail at anything. I was pretty proud of you with the EEG thing though. Because I think you like said like, that you like pleasing people or like you do things to please people and you don't always, like, favour what you want and what you need. But like in the second EEG when you were just like “I can't do this”. Like that was like, I think that that's so much, that is more important to me than the actual like, EEG, you know what I mean? Like that's fine. Like, it's fine, it’s totally fine that you didn't do it. But the fact that you like reclaimed the fact that, like, you were not going to do it, and that was your decision. 

Pa-001 1:38:08
Yes. I also felt after, when I talked about it now I realised that it’s like a big thing, I guess, or… yeah. 

Th-001 1:38:25
I think it is. It is really, really a big thing. Especially, I guess... it is so easy to feel like you have to please people. Like, it's such a hard thing to like, disappoint people or not do what you're, what you're supposed to do, or whatever. And just do what you really want to do, which is just... and then everything else that happened. I’m glad that you did that. You said it felt like a river. Like a river of acceptance.

Th-002 1:39:04
If there’s nothing else specifically that you would like to go back to for now, maybe you could think about listening to one or two pieces of music from yesterday?

Pa-001 1:39:17
I also felt like some of the music, I felt like I heard, like I remembered hearing it. But I couldn't understand if it's, like where I heard it. And also I felt like a bit paranoid. Like I felt all the questionnaires, I think I told you, that. That they’re, they’re in my head. And I'm thinking like all sorts of questions that I answered in the questionnaires are now haunting me. And that the music in the EEG, I felt like I…  like I think for a few minutes, seconds there,or,  I had like a glimpse of feeling that you're, um, you're doing something to me, like you're playing with me. And, and this music that you play with the EEG, is it the same music all the time?

Th-002 1:40:09
Mhm.

Pa-001 1:40:10
Okay. I felt that it's like the same music and that I heard it like million times in my mind. And it's like, it's it's like controlling me. And that it keeps…

Th-001 1:40:18
Yeah, that’s the one you wanted to change right? ___ [1:40:20] I think. You asked us to stop it, you were like…

Th-002 1:40:25
Yeah, that’s true. Yeah, you were really like you didn’t want to hear it.

Th-001 1:40:28
Just like “I can’t hear this song, change the song” [laughs]. Yeah, I remember that. In terms of the music controlling you… it’s an interesting, yeah, it’s an interesting thing because you can feel paranoid and suspicious and all these things and the feelings are extremely real. I remember when we told you in the prep, we were like “you might feel suspicious of us or you might feel suspicious of other things”. And you were like “no I never feel like that, why would I feel like that”. It’s not, it just comes to you, you know, it’s like… how did you find that experience of like being, I guess, suspicious or paranoid and like, why do you think you felt that way about the music? Was it like a bad thing, or like?

Pa-001 1:41:08
It was, it was, it changes between being really bad and paranoid and scary, and... to letting go and understand that it’s fine. Yeah, I mean music is God, that’s the only thing that controls the world right now. And just let it control you, and just to let go. And then, but also, coming out of it and being super, like, paranoid about it.

Th-002 1:41:40
The self coming back and wanting to regain control and like “no”. 

Th-001 1:41:47
Yeah, that's where the letting go comes in. Because you have to just surrender. Like I'm being controlled, okay. Like, lets just be controlled. But it's, yeah, you can flip from one to the other. But you did let go, which is good. 

Th-002 1:42:00
Yeah, you did very well.

Th-001 1:42:02
It’s so hard, it’s really hard to convey this but it is. You did amazing, like it’s such a hard experience. 
Pa-001 1:42:10
Yeah, I’m like… I heard so many people talk about it but I think I completely missed the fact, like that there is really sense of losing yourself. Like, completely. And I was, you know, I smoked and I drank alcohol and I was in the situation where I was not myself. But this, it was like a different level of like…

Th-002 1:42:43
Even that kind of observer that normally is present in your life is kind of disappearing somewhere and that’s…

Th-001 1:42:54
Yeah, not everyone experiences that it, it's quite, quite deep. Like it's called, like, ego dissolution. And it's something that like some people experience and there’s some people… when you talked to other people it might be that they haven’t experienced that. But it’s quite special that you did, it's quite like... it's such an interesting thing to, to experience, I suppose. Because nothing in your life makes you lose yourself like that. But it’s also terrifying, I imagine. But at least interesting. I just have one more question before I play the music. I just read here, I think you said about feeling like a ball of pain or like an open wound. 

Pa-001 1:43:35
Wound, yeah. Wound, that’s the word.

Th-001 1:43:40
And that like, that's who you are, but you can't bring it out. You said something like that, like you couldn't bring that pain that you were feeling like out? What do you mean by that?

Pa-001 1:43:56
That I experienced being that. But I can’t be that in this world. 

Th-002 1:44:04
The pain is something that you can’t express in this world?

Pa-001 1:44:10
Yes. This level of pain, um… that I myself is just a big wound. That’s what I am and I can’t be that here. 

Th-001 1:44:31
Do you feel like you are that, and you just like hide it or suppress it?

Pa-001 1:44:36
Now I don’t feel it, I felt like that’s what I am.

Th-001 1:44:39
So just in that moment, you felt like you were, okay. So it’s just not like you feel like you have this in general, that you can't like let it out.

Pa-001 1:44:48
No I feel maybe that it's like part of me or sometimes I'm that but something about being just a ball of pain, And, be it, and be it, no I mean it’s not even, it's not painful like, like pain that I, that I know. It’s just a sense of being like exposed like, like a wound like something that is not covered with anything, it's like all exposed and very tender and vulnerable and sensitive, you know like when you have an open wound and you feel everything. Yeah. 

Th-002 1:46:06
End of interview.












